[singing in Japanese]
[engine whirring]
Hey, aren't those--
Gargoyle's
Neo Atlantean battleships.
What in the world is that?
[both] Flying evil.
We'd better head
for cover tout suite.
[all] Right.
[grunts]
Huh? Wait.
This is bad.
Who'd have thought
they could follow us here?
What do they want from us?
They're probably
trying to kidnap Nadia.
-Impossible.
-Oh, it's possible all right.
Do you think
they spotted us already?
Huh?
[trembles]
[gasps]
[operator] Battleship two,
we have received a message
from the Deus Ex Machina.
They have located Nadia.
[soldier] What
did he say? Nadia?
-[soldier] Is she alive?
-[Gargoyle] Stop babbling.
Not even Emperor Neo in
his greatness
has been able to
locate the Blue Water yet.
That leads me to believe
that Nadia and
Nemo are still alive.
Understood.
We have returned to the ruins
of Tartessos
after such
a long absence.
What a wonderful
surprise for us.
What a terrible surprise for us.
What'll we do?
We're going to run
away in terror, of course.
These are the monsters that sunk
the Nautilus, you know.
That is the best
idea you've ever had.
[Sanson] Well, if there
are no objections, I suggest--
[Gargoyle] How nice
to see you again, Nadia.
-[all] Huh?
-Gargoyle.
So who in the world is he?
[both] Walking evil.
Nadia, be a good girl
and come out with
your Blue Water voluntarily.
That's the only way you can
spare the lives
of your little friends.
You don't have to do that.
Even if you give yourself up,
you know that he'll kill us.
[Gargoyle]
Are you having trouble deciding?
Let me show you what will happen
if you don't comply with
my wishes.
[weapon revving]
What is that?
[explosion]
-Oh, no.
-Beast!
[all] Oh, god.
[groans]
[Gargoyle] Nadia, I will give
you one full minute
to make up your mind.
Otherwise, bid
farewell to your friends.
-[groans]
-Don't listen to him.
But if she doesn't go,
we're all going to be killed.
I don't wanna die
in some strange place
for no reason at all.
You mean you want her
to sacrifice herself?
It strikes me as
the logical thing to do.
-[huffs]
-[all] Keep your mouth shut.
-I'm going.
-[all] Huh?
It's the logical thing to do.
You can't die for me.
You mustn't.
I won't let you die like that.
[both] But...
Nadia, I swear I'll rescue you.
I'll wait for you.
[cries]
[dramatic music playing]
You can take me now
if you promise me that you'll
spare the others.
The Blue Water is all yours now.
[Gargoyle] Very well.
I promise.
Nadia.
I have the power
to destroy the world.
So don't worry about me.
I will never let them beat me.
Don't go.
It's all right, Marie.
I know that Jean
will rescue me soon.
Be a good girl and I'll be back
just as soon as I can.
Good. I'll wait for you.
-Good girl.
-[blaring]
Nadia!
[cries]
[soldier] Lord Gargoyle, we are
bringing Nadia aboard presently.
[Gargoyle] I see that.
Bring her to me and
treat her courteously.
[soldier] Understood.
[Gargoyle] The least I can do
is give them a running start.
-What do we do?
-We find the Katherine
and get out of this
accursed place and fast.
And we'll come
up with a plan later on.
-[all] Uh-hmm.
-[Gargoyle] Now my friends...
[gasps]
[Gargoyle] You have
a chance to save yourselves.
I'll give you one minute.
Run wherever you like.
That double crossing scoundrel.
There's no time for that.
-Let's move.
-[all] Yes, ma'am.
Someday you'll
be sorry, Gargoyle.
Huh.
[Gargoyle] Hurry up.
-Only 40 seconds left.
-[Nadia] Villain!
[gasping]
[screams]
[groans]
[Gargoyle]
Don't be so rude to our guest.
Well, well, Princess Nadia.
You've honored me with
your presence, once again,
I thank you.
You said you'd spare my friends
if I surrendered myself.
[Gargoyle] I did not lie, Nadia.
I'm giving them
a chance at survival.
That's more than
most people are allowed.
All of you would be dead at this
very moment
if you hadn't come
out of hiding.
In point of fact,
you should be thankful to me
for my generosity.
You're still as
inhuman as always.
[Gargoyle] But of course, I am.
I would hate to ever be confused
for one of those ridiculous
creatures.
[soldier] Their time
is up, Lord Gargoyle.
[Gargoyle] Open fire
300 meters behind them,
move towards them 50 meters
with each blast.
[weapon revving]
[explosion]
[Gargoyle] Do you see, Nadia?
I can be quite merciful.
They now have
an additional chance to survive.
[gasping]
They'll get me sooner or later,
I just know it.
Those shots are getting
closer and closer every time.
Well, what fun would it be
for him to kill us all at
once, right?
[explosions]
[gasping]
[Sanson] Oh, bugger,
why can't we find that blasted
contraption?
[gasping]
[all] The Katherine!
Oh, the curse will be over
once we climb aboard.
[alarm beeping]
[operator] The target
is increasing its speed.
They must have found
some sort of vehicle.
Sanson, can't you make her
go any faster than this?
I wish I could,
ma'am, but she can't.
[Hanson] The poor thing has
gotten pretty banged up, ma'am.
[explosion]
The shots are
getting closer again.
Well, he's persistent, isn't he?
[explosion]
I don't think that ceiling's
gonna hold for much longer,
Miss Granva.
[Grandis]
Then get us out from under it.
[screams]
Can't you slow this
machine down, Sanson?!
Driving too fast can get you
into a nasty accident, right?
No kidding.
The brakes aren't working.
-I can't stop it.
-[tires screeching]
[screams]
Hey, put it in
reverse, you idiot.
I can't. The pressure
will cause the gears to blow.
Try the cylinder.
Good idea. [laughs]
[metal screeching]
No good.
We're not slowing down.
[Hanson] If we hit
a wall, we're done for.
So this is
the end for all of us?
Huh? Hey, the exit!
[all exclaims]
-[Ayerton] We made it!
-[Grandis] We made it!
[all] No, we didn't!
[Sanson]
We don't have the balloon!
Well, you've got to do
something, so do something.
Try the cylinders.
-Oh, yeah.
-[clicks]
[Sanson] It's not working.
I hate this thing.
There's no possible way
to survive this fall.
Hmm.
We're going to land
right in the graveyard.
That saves us a trip, huh?
Life is but
a brief and frail shadow.
[whirring]
This is boring.
-[explosions]
-[all exclaims]
That was unexpected.
[both] We couldn't
have landed yet.
We seem to
have stopped in midair.
[electric whirring]
All right. What's that?
[both] Who cares?
We're still alive.
[operator] The target has
come into contact
with another object.
It's finally trapped.
[Gargoyle] Yes, they've
finally snapped at the bait.
[Grandis] Who are they?
And where are they taking us?
It's out of our hands, so
just sit right back and relax.
Way ahead of you.
[bangs]
-They've dropped us.
-We're definitely on the ground.
They're landing their ship, too,
aren't they?
[whirring]
Right.
Sanson.
I know, Miss Granva.
Show yourself.
What a strangely-designed
airplane.
[Hanson] I know.
How can it fly
if it doesn't have any wings?
Neither did
the ship we saw before.
It might be one of theirs.
The Neo Atlanteans
wouldn't save us.
Sure they would.
They probably want to
finish us off face to face.
There's something about that
ship that gives me the willies.
[thuds]
[gasps]
It's Miss Electra.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
How nice to see you all again.
You, too.
I can't believe
you're still alive, Electra.
Yes. I'm still alive.
You saved my life and I want to
thank you all
from the bottom of
my heart.
Hmm.
[Electra]
Is everyone all right?
Not at all.
Gargoyle has taken Nadia away.
Yes. I know that.
I'm sorry
I didn't get there in time.
You can help her now!
Now is not
the right time for a rescue.
We will have to wait for that.
[grunts]
[Electra]
But we'll discuss that later.
Please follow me, if you will.
Captain Nemo is
waiting for you.
[exclaims]
-Did you say Nemo?
-[Gargoyle] Yes.
I have good
reason to believe he lives.
We've detected high energy
readings from underground here.
It seems that one
of the ruins is still alive.
The only ones who know
the secret of this place
are Nemo and us.
If he's still alive,
we'll find him here.
[operator] Target is moving
into the sixth sector.
[engine whirring]
Oh, Captain Nemo.
I knew that I would see you
again one day,
but I didn't know
it would be so soon.
I just realized what would make
this bad situation even worse.
I know.
[alarm beeping]
[Jean] Captain Nemo.
[gates cranking]
[operator] Target just
disappeared
in the seventh sector.
They're most likely screening
their wave output now.
[Gargoyle] Nemo
must be hiding there.
-Prepare to attack.
-[soldier] Understood.
Prepare to attack!
You mean you've gone to all
this trouble
just to find
Captain Nemo?
[Gargoyle] Oh, of course.
Did you think I would let
such useless creatures live?
Such a foolish girl.
[whirring]
[bangs]
[Marie] What a long tunnel.
Leave it to Electra to take us
on an endless journey.
-[Electra] Here we are.
-We are?
[ominous music playing]
You mean that peculiar building?
That's not
a building, it's a ship.
[all] A ship?
[Grandis] What
are you talking about?
We're under the Earth.
A ship floats
on top of the ocean.
You will understand
soon enough.
[grunts]
-Hmm?
-[all scream]
[Jean] This
elevator slants the descent.
[fanfare music playing]
-You're here.
-Oh.
-Hello Captain.
-Captain Nemo!
What's this?
[Nemo] This is
the primary bridge.
[Jean] The primary bridge?
[Sanson]
You mean this really is a ship?
[nurse] Yup.
[all] Ikori.
[Jean] I don't believe it.
-Hey.
-[Marie] You're all here!
And you're all
alive and healthy.
How did you find us?
Let's discuss that later.
There are two flies
buzzing about up there.
Captain, I've got a fix.
I can bring the two battleships
up on the view screen.
Good. Put it on
the main screen.
Aye.
Hmm, it looks like
he's already spotted us.
[explosions]
They didn't
waste any time, did they?
[explosion continues]
Oh, blast!
We're all going to be blown
into tiny little bits.
If it's the ship,
why can't it move?
[Jean] Captain Nemo?
[explosions]
[Electra] Auxiliary particle
annihilation engine status?
[engineer] It's no good,
not working yet.
[Nemo] This ship is useless
if the engine doesn't work.
[soldier] Target's energy
reading still very strong.
[Gargoyle] This
is taking too long.
Drop the maximum
annihilation bomb.
[soldier] Understood.
[explosions]
[soldier] We did it.
Just look.
There's no way
they'd survive that.
[Grandis] I think
we're still alive somehow.
[Ayerton & Sanson & Hanson] We
thought we were dead for sure.
-[Marie] But it's awfully dark.
-[King rumbles]
[Ayerton] Are we going to live
in this darkness forever?
[engineer]
Switching to reserve power.
-[clicks]
-Oh, no.
[Sanson] We're buried alive.
I can't believe
how big that bomb was.
I know. We're very
lucky to have dodged it.
[Gargoyle] Drop another one,
just to be sure.
Understood.
Reload on the double.
-[engine whirring]
-[metal slams]
I think they're doing it again.
Is this ship incapable
of fighting back?
Captain!
[engineer]
The flywheel joint is done,
auxiliary particle annihilation
engine ready to go.
[upbeat music playing]
Start the auxiliary engine.
Prepare the electron turrets.
Preparing
the electron turrets for battle.
[grunts]
[beeping]
Prepare to launch.
Right the vessel, Helmsman.
[helmsman] Righting the vessel.
[engineer]
Antigravity screw, power.
Now raise thrust to 11,600,000.
Now then,
launch the New Nautilus.
New Nautilus? This is--
[Nemo] Yes.
This is the battleship,
New Nautilus!
[Jean] All of this,
hidden in those awful ruins.
[explosions]
Yes, my boy,
the Nautilus is born anew.
[soldier 1] What is that?
[soldier 2] What's happening?
Impossible.
The illusive sunken battleship.
[sonar] Scanning
with primary radar, sir.
[helmsman]
Generator at full power,
pressure is nominal
on all cylinders, Captain.
All right, First Officer,
our targets are his battleships.
Fire at will.
Targeting battleships
and transferring full power to
the primary turret system.
[engine whirring]
[operator] Their turret
is turning in our direction.
[soldier]
Wh-Wh-What? Release the bomb.
[explosion]
-A barrier?
-That is correct.
[sonar] Radar
locked on target, sir.
[man] Homing device
is ready for charge.
Gunpowder
charge process complete.
Pressure is
within nominal limits.
[man] Target distance computed.
Error correction
one degree right,
-three degrees vertical.
-[monitor cackles]
[beeping]
Turrets are ready to fire, sir.
Fire!
Firing!
[explosion]
[all] A direct hit.
[soldier 1] The Deus Ex Machina
was destroyed with one shot.
[soldier 2] I don't believe it.
[Gargoyle] Such power.
He must have revived
the ancient annihilation weapon.
[operator] Their turrets
have locked onto us.
[soldier] What?
They're sending
us a hailing signal, sir.
-[Gargoyle] Put it through.
-[soldier] Understood.
It's been a long time, Gargoyle.
[Gargoyle] I never thought
I would be speaking to you
this way again, Nemo.
Never in my wildest imaginings.
Sorry to disappoint you.
By the way,
I want my daughter back.
I know she's on your ship.
[Gargoyle] I'm sorry,
but I can't do that.
[Nemo] Then you force me
to use my power against you.
I doubt that you will.
You wouldn't sacrifice the life
of your only daughter,
would you?
Now, Nemo, if you want your
daughter to live much longer,
give me your Blue Water.
[all] Blue Water?
What does he mean, Captain?
You have one, too?
What will you do, Nemo?
-I will not.
-But Captain.
Fire primary turret.
-Fire now!
-Sir!
I ordered you to fire!
Aye.
[gasps]
I made a promise to Nadia
that I would come rescue her.
I will keep
that promise, Electra.
Jean.
We will not bow to
Gargoyle's demands for anyone,
not even my dear daughter.
But Captain, saving one
individual life
is as great as
saving the lives of many.
-Captain.
Please, Captain Nemo.
Please!
Here is my Blue Water, Gargoyle.
Why don't you come down
and get it yourself?
[both] Captain Nemo.
[Gargoyle]
That won't be necessary, Nemo.
[light flashes]
[all murmuring]
[all] It disappeared.
He has it now.
That's impossible.
How did--is
the emperor with you?
Excellent deduction, Captain.
As a matter of fact, he is.
But Emperor Neo's power has
never been that strong, Captain.
[Gargoyle] Did the Emperor's
abilities take you by surprise?
He's not a child
anymore, you know?
We have excellent
scientific tools as well.
They're amplifying
their machine's output
with Neo's innate willpower.
Hmm.
It will be difficult for us
to defeat them.
[Gargoyle] I'll keep my promise.
Because you gave us
the Blue Water,
I will spare
your daughter's life.
Goodbye, Nemo.
Hmm.
I no longer have
any interest in Tartessos.
Shall we field test the new
gravity bomb we've developed?
[soldier] Understood.
Load the gravity
bomb on the double.
-No.
-[zaps]
Witness the resting place of old
Tartessos, Blue Noah, and Nemo.
[explosions]
Farewell, foolish man.
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]